Adding note for list channel api (#18325)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/channel-list.md

Retrieve the list of [channels](../resources/channel.md) in this [team](../resources/team.md).

> >**Note:** Guest users who are not a part of private/shared channel will not be able to see the same in the response for this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Guest users who are not a part of private/shared channels are not able to see the same in the response for this API.
```

Retrieve the list of [channels](../resources/channel.md) in this [team](../resources/team.md).

> sokallan_listChannel

Reviewer 2: Is this stray text that should be deleted?
